You will be able to interact with the reviewers and you are expected to improve your submission during the review process according the reviewers' comments.
You will receive more detailed information through another email.

1. OBTAIN A GITHUB ACCOUNT
In order to be able to participate in the review process you will need a GitHub account.
If you have not got one yet, please go to https://github.com and sign up for an account.

2. ACCESS SUBMISSION
Submissions are posted on this repository in form of issues. Click on the tab "Issues" above to access submissions.
Then click on "Submission n" to access submission number n.

3. SELF-ASSIGNING SUBMISSIONS TO REVIEW
Each PC member should self assign ONE submission to review by posting a message in the related issue of the chosen submission.
Only choose submissions labelled "available for review". Note that initially all submissions are labelled in this way.
Before self-assigning the submission make sure that the submission has not been self-assigned by the maximum number of
PC members: 4 PC members for short papers and 5 PC members for regular papers.
The deadline for self-assigning the review is Monday 21 July 2019.
If by the deadline you haven't self-assigned a submission yet or you have self-assigned a submission that has already
enough reviewers then the Program Co-chairs will assign the submission to you.

4. REVIEW PROCESS
The review process consists of the following phases:
a) INTERACTIVE PHASE (from now until Sunday 4 August)
   You will be able to interact with the authors and you are expected to provide feedback to the authors throughout
   this review phase. You may put questions to the authors asking clarifications for clarifications.
   Authors are expected to consider your comments, revise their submission and upload it in the issue by
   Sunday 4 August
b) ASSESSMENT PHASE (from Monday 5 August until Sunday 11 August)
   You will need to evaluate the revised submission to assess 
You will receive more detailed information through another email.

